Bar Graph - Update to support the allowXCallibration prop (#293)
cerner/terra-graphs: packages/carbon-graphs/CHANGELOG.md

  * Added allowCalibration support for the x-axis on a line graph.
  * Finished implementation for `config.axis.x.allowCalibration` for a paired result graph with a numerical and timeseries x-axis.
  * Finished implementation for `config.axis.x.allowCalibration` for a scatter graph with a numerical and timeseries x-axis.

>   * Finished implementation for `config.axis.x.allowCalibration` for a bar graph with a numerical and timeseries x-axis.

Reviewer: I would update this to match: https://github.com/cerner/terra-graphs/blob/0db73f925acd20425bf93ab5f49c1b162126126d/packages/carbon-graphs/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L6-L8
```suggestion
  * Added support for `config.axis.x.allowCalibration` for a bar graph with a numerical and timeseries x-axis.
```

Author: Fixed [149ec3e](https://github.com/cerner/terra-graphs/pull/293/commits/149ec3e9c1704f514ee29f51618f5840f4d650fb)
